comparison of implicit vs. explicit index creation (#2043)
meilisearch/documentation: learn/core_concepts/indexes.md

## Index creation

> If you try to add documents or settings to an index that does not already exist, Meilisearch will automatically create it for you.

Reviewer: Using this phrase makes it a bit easier to describe the differences between the two options.

```suggestion
### Implicit index creation

If you try to add documents or settings to an index that does not already exist, Meilisearch will automatically create it for you.
```

### Explicit index creation

> You can explicitly create an index with custom search settings using the [create index endpoint.](/reference/api/indexes.md#create-an-index) Once created, you can add documents using the [add documents endpoint.](/reference/api/documents.md#add-or-update-documents) Though accomplished using a single command, the index creation and document addition actions are separate. Hence, it is possible that one of them might not complete successfully. This can cause errors or missing documents.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can explicitly create an index using the [create index endpoint](/reference/api/indexes.md#create-an-index). Once created, you can add documents using the [add documents endpoint](/reference/api/documents.md#add-or-update-documents). 

While implicit index creation is more convenient, requiring only a single API request, **explicit index creation is considered safer for production**. This is because implicit index creation bundles multiple actions into a single task. If one action completes successfully while the other fails, the problem can be difficult to diagnose.
```

Author: This is more helpful. Thanks 🤡
